ok so do another not this nuts called
the Palomar knot no Palomar knot is
extremely strong it's almost a hundred
percent strength line strength um
sometimes people criticize this not
especially for fly-fishing because it
kind of takes it takes a lot of a lot of
line to tie the knot but it is a good
night it's easy to tie one of their
consideration with this is because
you'll see how this goes is the way the
way the pre passes through the not that
it's not place compatible maybe with a
lure that's got trouble hooks or several
treble hooks on it because just that I
get a little dicey but force wills and
and hooks that have a single I like this
it's great not so here we go so first
thing we're going to put a bend in it
and live in the line like this you feed
this through heat through the eye and
all you're going to do with this this
section here is you're going to tie an
overhand knot which is kind of the first
the first tennis shoe not so we do it
over here not that way see that and then
what you do is you have this extra loop
piece that's sticking out and all you do
is you feed the lure back through the
through that loop and then you can you
pull it close like this I used I left a
lot of tail on this one bone just again
just demonstrating it to you I even this
knot on tied up this cord which doesn't
vary it's not like mono film or
monofilament tends to slide together
really quickly this this this cord even
still wants to slide together nicely and
so it's left as you'll turn you trim
this tale here you know that out there
and that's a Palomar knot now is very
easy not to tie extremely strong but the
big limitation is the tune the two dings
against it is it uses up a lot of lines
ty you know for a certain standpoint and
then also there's that moment when you
have to feed the hook back through the
not that can get a little dicey if we
use its up with you know treble hooks or
a lot to it so here I'm Senor just going
to talk me up I'm tie this thing so easy
to do we'll do it account backing
one more time for it all right so look
at one more time you get my loop and put
it through time I overhand end up back
through and close it together and that
is a Palomar knot thanks